I’ve got some shit Kyles. My huge beautiful GM gave me Kyles who think and speak like the toilet. I have four garbage Kyles: The first Kyle is named Kyle Schwarber, the second Kyle is named Kyle Finnegan, the third Kyle is named Tanner Rainey (a non-Kyle name for an awful Kyle), and the fourth Kyle is the dreaded McGowin. Which one of my toxic Kyles are you? Take this quiz to find out!

Which of these garbage things have you done?
Schwarber: Hit the great baseballs my beatiful GM has given my team out of the stadium so that I can never reach them again.
Finnegan: Let every single runner that was on base when you came into the game score without getting any outs for the entire season.
Rainey: Threw every single pitch to the backstop so hard that the net eventually wore out and a baseball hit one of your nice manager's wonderful fans directly in the face.
McGowin: Pour a gallon of gasoline on your nice manager's pitching mound and lit it on fire while chanting "fire for a firing" directly at your nice manager.

What did you get your nice manager for his worst, most recent birthday?
Schwarber: A T-Shirt with your nice manager's face on it and "If the phone's a ringin' get Suero warmin'" on the back.
Finnegan: An iPhone 7s you said was the new bullpen smartphone so that for a whole homestand when your nice manager tried to bring a reliever into the game they wouldn't be warmed up and would make your nice manager look bad.
Rainey: A crate of his favorite wine that you meticiously opened, emptied and replaced with cranberry juice and blood, before sneaking into his post game press conference and switching the bottle every game.
McGowin: Hired an extremely convincing look-alike of your nice manager’s hero, Joe Maddon, to come to your clubhouse and give your nice manager the middle finger, thereby causing your manager to wail and weep long into the night

My garbage Kyles love to steal my credit card and buy bad things. What do you buy when you steal your nice manager’s credit card?
Schwarber: A hundred labels that said "Curveballs" that you then put on all the boxes of baseballs so that your nice manager would throw out all of the baseballs and get in trouble with his beautfiul GM. ($500)
Finnegan: A large amount of Spider Tack addressed to Max Scherzer so that when your nice manager told Max that using Spider Tack was cheating he was beaten to within an inch of his life. ($300 for Spider Tack, $15,000 for hospital bills)
Rainey: You hire the real Joe Maddon to come to your clubhouse and give your nice manager the middle finger, thus causing him to wail and weep continuously even to this day ($15)
McGowin: A flock of African gray parrots that you punctiliously trained to say the phrase "fire this loser manager" whenever your nice manager tried to speak that you then released into the press room to embarass your nice manager. ($1200)

My gutter Kyles have sewer mouths that belch out true terrors. The words they say make me wish the world had exploded before I was born. Which of these toxic things do you say the most?
Schwarber: Sentences involving the phrase "baseballs gone forever"
Finnegan: Sentences involving the phrase "a big and illegal shipment of Spider Tack"
Rainey: Sentences involving the phrase "graves for managers"
McGowin: Sentences involving the phrase "World Series ring demolition"

One time, all my garbage Kyles got together to build an enormous 20 armed and 30 legged statue of me weeping into my wonderful glass of wine. The base of the statue had the inscription “I Don’t Manage. I Damage.” My gutter Kyles built the statue right in the middle of the Center Field plaza where every fan in the city could see it. Now, all the Nationals fans laugh at me and call me “The Cry Person.”

Have you ever done this to me?
Schwarber: Yes
Finnegan: Absolutely 
Rainey: Yes, I loved doing this to you with all of my dumpster soul
McGowin: It was the greatest thing I’ve ever done in all of my garbage life 


You are Kyle Schwarber
The bad news is that you are my garbage Kyle Schwarber. You are the Gutter Boy Supreme, and the things you say and do are of the Dumpster. You love to do terrible things to my wonderful car, and you are the main reason why I go to the hospital.

When my huge beautiful GM did the sigining of Schwarber, I thought to myself, "This can't be that bad," but boy, was I wrong, because Schwarber has a rancid soul and everything he touches turns to dingers. 


You are Kyle Finnegan
Hate to break it to you, but you are my garbage Kyle named Finnegan. You are the Kyle equivalent of a foul wind and you make my nights colder. When I see you in my house, I think to myself, “Here is my Dumpster boy, the one I hate.” Your interests include faking injuries and doing terrible things to my wonderful leads.

When my huge beautiful GM did the signing of Finnegan, I didn’t think things could get any worse, but I underestimated the garbage soul of Finnegan, and every day is a new carnival of miseries. Truly, Finnegan is the Gutter Prince and knowing about him makes me tired. That’s who you are. You’re my garbage Kyle Finnegan. 


You are Tanner Rainey
It makes me miserable to inform you that you are my garbage Kyle Tanner Rainey (a non-Kyle name for an awful Kyle). You are a real trash mountain of a Kyle who came marching out of my huge beautiful GM's office on the worst day to ever happen. Your hobbies include intentionally missing the strike zone, mischief with wine, and doing terrible things to your manager's career.

When Tanner Rainey was traded for, I wanted him to be a depth starter and my huge beautiful GM wanted him to be a closer, so we compromised by making him a middle reliever that neither of us liked. Now, he makes our days sour and our nights rancid. He is a True Nightmare of a garbage Kyle. 


You are the dreaded McGowin
Terrible tidings for you: You are the dreaded McGowin. You are a junk Kyle if I’ve ever seen one—a true dump reliever from the swamp. Everyone who knows you fears you because they are aware that you make life sour. Your interests include turning games into blowouts, making innings last for more than 3 outs, and trying to get your nice manager fired. You love doing terrible things to my wonderful team and you wear shirts with curse words on them. 